README.md, before:

# Wyvern Fluent Language (WFLU)

**WFLU** is a lightweight, flexible i18n (internationalization) service.  
Originally written in .NET, it provides a simple localization format that can be adapted to other languages and platforms.

## Tools

| Tool | Description                                                                                                     | Repository                                               |
| ---- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| WFLU | Core WFLU library with parser for `.wflu` files, message retrieval, choice handling, and variable substitution. | [Repo](https://github.com/wyvern-social/WFLU) |

## Features

- Simple, human-readable `.wflu` file format
- Support for raw messages and choice messages
- Easy to extend and adapt for other languages or platforms

## Usage

Install the package via [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WFLU).  
For full documentation, usage examples, and advanced features, visit the [WFLU Wiki](https://github.com/wyvern-social/WFLU/wiki).

Commit message:

add wflu-language-support extension to readme

README.md, after:

# Wyvern Fluent Language (WFLU)

**WFLU** is a lightweight, flexible i18n (internationalization) service.  
Originally written in .NET, it provides a simple localization format that can be adapted to other languages and platforms.

## Tools
| Tool                  | Description                                                                                                     | Repository                                                                                                                                                           |
|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| WFLU                  | Core WFLU library with parser for `.wflu` files, message retrieval, choice handling, and variable substitution. | [Repo](https://github.com/wyvern-social/WFLU) [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WFLU)                                                                           |
| WFLU-Language-Support | VSCode extension for syntax highlighting on `.wflu` files.                                                      | [Repo](https://github.com/lunariixx/wflu-language-support) [VSCode Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lunariixx.wflu-language-support) |

## Features

- Simple, human-readable `.wflu` file format
- Support for raw messages and choice messages
- Easy to extend and adapt for other languages or platforms

## Usage

Install the package via [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WFLU).  
For full documentation, usage examples, and advanced features, visit the [WFLU Wiki](https://github.com/wyvern-social/WFLU/wiki).
